BETA TEST EULA (BTE)
BETA TEST END-USER LICENCE AGREEMENT
BIOS Project

IMPORTANT  

READ CAREFULLY. THIS BETA TEST END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT")
IS A BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU, i.e. THE BETA TEST PARTNER OR END-USER,
AND EATON. BY INSTALLING OR USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND
BY THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH INCLUDES,
BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, THE SOFTWARE USAGE LICENSE, THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
AND LIMITED WARRANTY, AND LIMITATION OF EATON LIABILITY.
READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING
OR USING THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU HAVE NOT ENTERED INTO A BETA TESTING AGREEMENT
WITH EATON OR ARE NOT ONE OF EATON'S BETA TEST PARTNERS, OR YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU SHOULD NOT
USE AND YOU ARE NOT AND WILL NOT BE AUTHORISED TO USE THIS SOFTWARE. YOU
SHOULD PROMPTLY DELETE THE LICENSE FILE MEDIA, THE ENTIRE MEDIA PACKAGE AND
SOFTWARE FROM YOUR COMPUTER OR ANY MEDIA ON WHICH IT MAY BE STORED. 
 

Between
	EATON Industries Manufacturing GmbH 
And
	BETA TEST PARTNER or END-USER

This Beta Test End-User License Agreement (the "Agreement", "Beta Test EULA"
or "BTE") is made at the Effective Date between the Parties as identified below.
A.	PARTIES
  1.	EATON Industries Manufacturing GmbH ("EATON"), a Swiss company, having
		a place of business at Route de la Longeraie 7, 1110  Morges  VD,
		Switzerland (hereinafter referred to as "Eaton"); and
  2.	Beta Test Partner or End-User.

The Beta Test Partner and Eaton are collectively referred to as the "Parties"
and each individually as a "Party".
B.	RECITALS
  1.	Eaton has developed new products and Software listed in Appendix 2
		(hereinafter referred to as the "Beta Product(s)"), which can be
		integrated in IT systems. 
  2.	Eaton and Beta Test Partner have agreed on the terms of a Beta Test NDA
		and the terms of a Beta Testing Agreement (Beta Testing and Equipment
		Loan Agreement or BTA) for the use of the Beta Products by Beta Test
		Partner, free of charge, and for a short period of time during which
		Beta Test Partner will be able to use and test such Beta Products, and
		provide feed-back to Eaton. 
  3.	This Beta Test EULA or BTE includes software license terms for the use
		of Software that Eaton makes available to Beta Test Partner with the
		Beta Products.
C.	TERMS OF AGREEMENT
  1.	Interpretation
		The definitions and rules of interpretation set out in Appendix 1 shall
		apply to this Agreement.
  2.	Limited Release and Limitations of Use 
  2.1	Eaton has released the Software to its Beta Test Partners only, and
		solely for testing purposes. All Beta Test Partners have signed a Beta
		Test NDA and a Beta Testing Agreement with Eaton. By using the Software,
		you, as End-User, agree on the terms and conditions of this Beta Test
		End-User License Agreement or Beta Test EULA. Your use of the Software
		will be considered as an acceptance of the terms of the Beta Test EULA.
		In case you would not be one of Eaton's Beta Test Partners but would
		nevertheless continue to use the Software, Eaton will consider that you
		have accepted these terms and their limitations, and exclusions will
		apply. Eaton will however reserve its rights at law, contract or equity.
  2.2	The limitations of use of the Beta Testing Agreement shall apply except
		for and vis-a-vis Software Components, which are made available and
		licensed under an Open Source License (the "Open Source Software
		Components" or "OSSC"). These OSSC are identified by Eaton and their use
		is governed by the Open Source License terms which are associated with
		these OSSC.
  2.3	Unless any portion of the Software would be specifically designated as
		an OSSC, Beta Test Partner should assume that such Software is
		proprietary and that its use is solely governed by these terms.
  2.4	Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and the terms and
		conditions of the Beta Test NDA and the Beta Test Agreement, Eaton
		hereby grants Beta Test Partner a limited, personal, internal to Beta
		Test Partner only, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable,
		royalty-free, fully-paid right and license to use the Software. This
		right and license does not include and it specifically excludes, the
		right to grant or authorize sublicenses, make any copy on any support
		or media, compile, modify, enhance and create Derivative Works of the
		Software. 
  2.5	In no event will Beta Test Partner or any End-User have the right to
		distribute, commercialize, or otherwise exploit the Software, or any
		portion thereof, either in Object Code or Source Code format.  Beta
		Test Partner or End-User undertakes, represents and warrants that it
		will not provide copies, sublicense, represent outside its organization,
		publicly perform, display, demonstrate or disclose to third parties,
		lease, promote, market, supply, sale or offer for sale, commercially
		exploit or generally carry out any act with the Software, or any portion
		of the foregoing, in Object Code or Source Code format other than
		specifically granted in this Section 2. Beta Test Partner or End-User
		will not embody, include, or incorporate the Source Code of the Software
		(when available) into any other software or program.
  2.6	Beta Test Partner shall use the Software with the Beta Test Products
		only and solely for the Testing Activities described and defined in the
		Beta Test Agreement.
  2.7	The Beta Test Partner shall observe all installations, assembly
		instructions and notes provided by Eaton on the correct use of the
		Software.
  2.8	The Beta Test Partner or End-User shall not use or it shall not
		authorise any use of the Software in any environment other than the
		Partner IT Environment. 
  2.9	Affiliates of the Beta Test Partner and their employees are allowed to
		use the Software in the Partner IT Environment (as defined and described
		in the BTA) but solely for the Testing Activities and provided such
		Affiliates are made aware of the use limitations set out in this
		Agreement and the BTA and are bound by confidentiality obligations with
		the Beta Test Partner. 
  2.10	In the case where Beta Test Partner would like to let any of its Agents
		use or access the Software,  Beta Test Partner shall inform Eaton in
		advance. Beta Test Partner shall provide the name of the Agent(s) and
		details of intended use and any scope of work connected to the Software.
		Eaton will inform Beta Test Partner in writing whether such Agent(s)
		will be authorised to use and access the Software (the "Authorized
		Agents").
  2.11	Beta Test Partner shall be and shall remain liable for any misuse,
		illegal use or breach of this Agreement by any of its Affiliates and
		Agents.
  3.	Ownership
  3.1	Nothing herein will be construed as assigning, transferring or
		exclusively licensing any rights in the Software that Eaton or its
		Affiliates may have. Except for the limited license granted to Beta
		Test Partner  in this Agreement, Beta Test Partner or End-User will
		not assert any right, title, or interest in or to any of the Software
		or any proprietary rights or Intellectual Property therein. Eaton will
		also acquire, own, and retain all rights, title, and interest, including
		but not limited to Intellectual Property, in and to all Derivative Works
		of the Software.
  4.	Title and Risk
  4.1	Eaton (and/or if applicable its Affiliates) shall under this Agreement
		at all times retain all right, title, and interests and full and
		exclusive ownership in and to the Software.  Beta Test Partner or
		End-User shall not remove and shall not authorize anyone to remove any
		label or marking affixed on or to the Software, evidencing Eaton's
		(and/or its Affiliates') ownership.
  4.2	Beta Test Partner or End-User may not (and may not authorize anyone to)
		sell, offer for sale, commercialize, transfer, assign, loan, pledge, or
		in any way encumber, or convey the Software  or any portion or component
		thereof. Also unless authorized by applicable law, Beta Test Partner or
		End-User shall not decompile, disassemble, decode, reproduce, or reverse
		engineer the Software.
  4.3	Beta Test Partner will not show or organize any demonstration of the
		Software to any third party, except its Affiliates and Authorized
		Agents. However, in the case where  Beta Test Partner would wish to
		organize a demonstration to any third party, the Beta Test Partner will
		inform Eaton in advance and will provide the name of the third party
		and details on the demonstration. Beta Test Partner will not show or
		demonstrate the Software unless it receives the express written consent
		from Eaton to do so. 
  4.4	Title to the Software shall be exclusively retained by Eaton (or any of
		its Affiliates) until and unless Eaton (or any of its Affiliates) and
		Beta Test Partner reach an agreement on the supply of the Software to
		Beta Test Partner under commercial terms. For the avoidance of doubt,
		neither Eaton nor any of its Affiliates will have an obligation to enter
		into such commercial transaction for such Software with Beta Test
		Partner or End-User and likewise, neither Beta Test Partner nor any of
		its Affiliates will have an obligation to acquire any commercial license
		of such Software.
  5.	Intellectual Property Rights, Trademarks
  5.1	Each Party (and if applicable, its Affiliates) shall under this
		Agreement remain the owner of its IP and nothing contained in this
		Agreement shall imply any license, grant of a right of use, transfer or
		assignment of title of any IP to the other Party or any of its
		Affiliates. Except for the limited right of use granted under Section 2
		(Limited Release and Limitations of Use), no license of the Parties' IP
		(or any IP of their Affiliates) is explicitly or impliedly granted under
		this Agreement. 
  5.2	The Beta Test Partner or End-User shall not do or authorise any third
		person to do any act which would damage the trademarks used by Eaton in
		relation to the Software.
  5.3	The use in any form of the name "EATON" or Eaton's logo in the official
		name, company name, trading or business name, domain name or other
		similar name of the Beta Test Partner or End-User requires the prior
		written approval of Eaton.
  6.	Term of Agreement
		The term of this Agreement shall be for the duration of the Beta Testing
		Agreement.
  7.	Termination & Survival
  7.1	Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without prejudice to any other rights
		of termination provided herein, the Agreement may be terminated
		immediately at any time effective upon written notice under the
		following conditions:
  7.1.1	by either Party if the other Party and/or any of its Affiliates or
		Authorized Agents commits a material breach of any of the terms of the
		Agreement, and such breach is not cured within ten (10) business days
		after written notice of such breach;
  7.1.2	by either Party if the other Party commits any act of bankruptcy or has
		a receiver, administrative receiver or manager, administrator appointed
		or compounds with its creditors or takes or suffers any similar action
		in consequence of debt or if being a company it enters into liquidation
		whether compulsorily or voluntarily; 
  7.1.3	by Eaton if there is a change or transfer in Control of the Beta Test
		Partner (or any change of ownership involving a known competitor of
		Eaton), regardless of whether such change of Control occurs in one
		transaction or in a series of transactions.  Written notice must be
		provided immediately to Eaton if there is a change in the Control in the
		Beta Test Partner; or
  7.1.4	by either Party for termination of the Beta Testing Agreement.
  7.2	Section 2 of this Agreement (Limited Release and Limitations of Use)
		shall survive until the Software is returned to Eaton. The warranty and
		limitations of liability of Section 8 (Warranty) and Section 9
		(Liability) shall also survived for the longest period permitted at law.
  8.	Warranty
  8.1	Eaton informs the Beta Test Partner and End-User that the Software is a
		pre-production unit that has  not yet been certified (such as CE
		certified). However, Eaton will ensure that such Software has undergone
		similar internal testing.  Eaton warrants that to the best of its
		knowledge, the Software is suitable for installation and use in the
		Partner IT Environment. However, Eaton does not warrant to the Beta Test
		Partner or the End-User that the Software shall be free from defects in
		design, material, and workmanship, under normal use. 
  8.2	Eaton shall not be liable for damage due to third party acts,
		atmospheric discharges, excess voltage, chemical influences and for loss
		and damage in transit.
  8.3	Eaton's sole obligation and Beta Test Partner's and End-User's sole
		remedy under the Warranty shall be, at Eaton's option and discretion, to
		either repair, replace or remove at no additional charge, the defective
		Software (or the defective part of the Software) thereof, which is
		proved to breach such Warranty under the Agreement. 
  8.4	Except for the express Warranty set forth above in Section 8.1, Eaton
		makes no other representations or warranties, express or implied,
		statutory or otherwise, regarding the Software, their fitness for any
		particular purpose, their merchantability, fitness, quality, non
		infringement, or otherwise. 
  8.5	All drawings, descriptive matter, specifications and advertising issued
		by Eaton and any descriptions or illustrations contained in Eaton's
		catalogues or brochures are issued or published for the sole purpose of
		giving an approximate idea of the Software described in them.
  9.	Liability
  9.1	In no event, whether under contract, statutory law or tort, shall the
		aggregate liability of Eaton or any of its Affiliates, during the term
		of the Agreement, exceed the value of the Software in respect of which
		such liability arises, to the extent possible under mandatory applicable
		law.  This limit of liability is cumulative and not per-incident (i.e.,
		the existence of two or more claims will not enlarge this limit).
		Furthermore, it applies cumulatively to all of Eaton's Affiliates.
  9.2	In no event, whether under contract, statutory law or tort, Eaton or its
		Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, Agents, shall be liable for
		indirect, incidental or consequential damages, including but not limited
		to loss of profit, loss of use, loss of production or penalty payments
		to the extent possible under mandatory applicable law.
  10.	Export Regulations and Anti-Corruption
  10.1	The Beta Test Partner or End-User, its Affiliates and Authorized Agents
		shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, provisions and acts
		on export (which may apply at the Effective Date or which may come into
		operation at any time thereafter) adopted by the United Nations, the
		European Community, the government of the United States of America and
		any other government to which Eaton or Eaton Corporation Plc. is subject
		to from time to time.  This shall include (but shall not be limited to)
		the U.S. Export Administration Act, Trading with Enemy Act, the
		international Traffic in Arms Regulation (ITAR) and any embargos or
		boycotts. The Beta Test Partner or End-User shall not (and it shall take
		measures to ensure that its Affiliates and Authorized Agents do not)
		take any action which could place Eaton or any of its Affiliates in
		jeopardy of breaching or violating any such laws, regulations,
		provisions and/or acts or any interpretations thereof.
  10.2	The Beta Test Partner or End-user and its Affiliates shall not - without
		the prior written consent of Eaton - support or sell, directly or
		indirectly, products to customers in the military sector or to
		customers, which may use the Software for military purposes.
  10.3	The Beta Test Partner or End-User agrees to comply fully with all
		applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, including (but not
		limited to) those in the jurisdiction in which the Beta Test Partner is
		registered, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery
		Act. The Beta Test Partner or End-User agrees to comply with Eaton's
		Worldwide Anti-Corruption Policy and Worldwide Gift & Entertainment
		Policy, copies of which may be provided to the Beta Test Partner and
		which are available on request.  The Beta Test Partner or End-user shall
		inform its Affiliates and Authorised Agents of such obligations. 
  10.4	The Beta Test Partner or End-User acknowledges that the failure to
		comply with all applicable laws and/or Eaton's policies as contemplated
		in this Section 10 (Export Regulations and Anti-Corruption) will be
		deemed a material breach of this Agreement, and shall entitle Eaton to
		terminate this Agreement (in addition to any other remedies it may
		have).  The Beta Test Partner or End-User agrees to indemnify, defend
		and hold Eaton harmless from any breach of the Beta Test Partner's and
		its Affiliates' obligation under this Section 10.
  11.	Confidentiality and Announcements
  11.1	The Parties have agreed on the terms and have executed a Non-Disclosure
		Agreement (the "NDA"). The Software shall be considered confidential and
		shall not be disclosed by the Beta Test Partner or End-User.  Eaton and
		its Affiliates shall be free to use any Derivatives of the Software made
		by Beta Test Partner or End-User for the development, exploitation and
		commercialisation of the Software and the Beta Products in their Beta
		version and any subsequent commercial version, revision, upgrade, update
		and implementation. 
  12.	Data Protection
  12.1	In performing and participating in the transactions contemplated by this
		Agreement, the Beta Test Partner or End-User may have access to one or
		more databases, applications, reports, documents and/or other
		information in hardcopy or electronic form that contain or process data
		relating to identified or identifiable individuals ("Personal Data"),
		which the Beta Test Partner or End-User acknowledges may be of a
		sensitive nature and which the Beta Test Partner or End-User undertakes
		to treat in a strictly confidential manner and not to use unless
		explicitly authorised by Eaton in writing.
  12.2	The Parties consent to the processing of their respective Personal Data
		and commit to process any Personal Data received from the other Party
		and/or its Affiliates in accordance with any applicable personal data
		processing legislation.  Each Party agrees expressly that the other
		Party may communicate Personal Data to any service provider in and
		outside the European Union for accounting, financing and/or contract
		management purposes.
  13.	No Partnership or Agency
  13.1	No provision of this Agreement creates a partnership between the Parties
		or makes a Party the agent of another Party for any purpose. Neither
		Party has any authority to bind, to contract in the name of or to create
		a liability for the other Party in any way or for any purpose.
  13.2	The Beta Test Partner or End-User is an independent contracting party
		and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create an employer
		employee relationship between the Beta Test Partner or End-user and
		Eaton.
  14.	Force Majeure
  14.1	If a Party (the "Affected Party") is prevented, hindered or delayed from
		or in performing any of its obligations under this Agreement (other than
		a payment obligation) by a Force Majeure Event, the Affected Party's
		obligations under this Agreement are suspended while the Force Majeure
		Event continues and to the extent that it is prevented, hindered or
		delayed.
  14.2	In clause 14.1, "Force Majeure Event" means an event beyond the
		reasonable control of the Affected Party and unknown to the Affected
		Party at the date of this Agreement including, without limitation,
		strike, lock out, labour dispute, (but excluding strikes, lockouts and
		labour disputes involving employees of the Affected Party), supply
		difficulties and delays, breach of contract or disputes with the
		sub-contractors of the Affected Party, act of God, war, riot, civil
		commotion, malicious damage (but excluding malicious damage involving
		the employees of the Affected Party) compliance with a law or
		governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown
		of plant or machinery fire, flood, storm and difficulty or increased
		cost in obtaining workers, goods or transport.
  14.3	In the event that a Force Majeure Event continues for more than 120 (one
		hundred and twenty) days, either Party may terminate this Agreement by
		giving written notice to the other Party.
  15.	Assignment and Subcontracting
  15.1	No Party shall assign or transfer, or purport to assign or transfer, any
		of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior
		written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably
		withheld or delayed.
  15.2	Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 15.1, Eaton shall be entitled
		to assign and transfer any and all of its rights and obligations under
		this Agreement in whole or in part, to any of its Affiliates and the
		Beta Test Partner or End-User hereby consents to any such assignment and
		transfer.
  15.3	Eaton has the right to subcontract any part of this Agreement or its
		rights and obligations in terms of this Agreement to any of its
		Affiliates and/or to third party contractors without requiring the
		consent of the Beta Test Partner or End-user.
  16.	Notices
  16.1	All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications
		concerning this Agreement must be in the English language and delivered
		to the other party by hand or sent by registered letter, postage prepaid
		and return receipt requested, by fax, or by e-mail to the addresses
		specified in Appendix 3 or to such other address as any Party shall
		designate by written notice to the other Party.
  16.2	If sent by post, any notice, request, claim, demand or other
		communication sent by post pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to
		have been received by the Party to whom it was addressed on the first
		Business Day after the day shown as the day of receipt by a return
		receipt.
  16.3	If sent by fax, it shall be deemed, in the absence of proof to the
		contrary, to have been received by the Party to whom it was sent on the
		Business Day after despatch provided that the report generated by the
		sender's fax machine shows that all pages of such notice, demand or
		other communications were properly transmitted to the recipients' fax
		machine.
  16.4	If sent by e-mail and the report generated by the sender's server shows
		that the e-mail was properly delivered to the recipient mail box, on the
		date of despatch noted on such report.
  17.	General
  17.1	No variation or amendment of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is
		in writing and signed by or on behalf of each of the Parties.
  17.2	The failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy
		provided by this Agreement or by law does not constitute a waiver of the
		right or remedy or a waiver of other rights or remedies. No single or
		partial exercise of a right or remedy provided by this Agreement or by
		law prevents further exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of
		another right or remedy.
  17.3	All the material terms of this Agreement that by their nature should
		survive the termination thereof for any reason shall survive the
		termination of this Agreement.
  17.4	If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or
		unenforceable, then such provision shall (so far as it is invalid or
		unenforceable) be given no effect and shall be deemed not to be included
		in this Agreement but without invalidating any of the remaining
		provisions of this Agreement. The Parties shall then use all reasonable
		endeavours to replace the invalid or unenforceable provisions by a valid
		and enforceable substitute provision the effect of which is as close as
		possible to the intended effect of the invalid or unenforceable
		provision.
  17.5	Subject to the terms of the Beta Test NDA and the Beta Testing
		Agreement, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and
		supersedes any previous agreements between the Parties relating to the
		subject matter of this Agreement, including but not limited to all
		previous communications, oral or written between the Parties. No terms
		contained in a Party's proposals, quotations, acknowledgements, invoices
		or other documentation shall be part of this Agreement or shall be
		binding on the other Party unless explicitly agreed in writing by the
		Parties.
  17.6	Each Party acknowledges that it has not relied on or been induced to
		enter into this Agreement by a representation, warranty, collateral
		agreement or other assurance other than those expressly set out in this
		Agreement or any document referred to in this Agreement. Each Party
		waives all rights and remedies (including any implied by law in any
		jurisdiction) that, but for this clause, might otherwise be available to
		it. 
  17.7	Nothing in this Agreement limits any liability of a Party arising as a
		result of fraud.
  17.8	This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
		which shall be deemed an original, all of which shall constitute one and
		the same agreement. 
  18.	Governing Law
  18.1	This Agreement and any contractual or non-contractual obligations
		arising out of or in connection with it are governed by and shall be
		construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
  18.2	Eaton and the Beta Test Partner shall attempt in good faith to resolve
		promptly any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If
		any dispute is not resolved in an amicable manner within three (3)
		months of a first written request thereto by either Party to the other,
		it shall be resolved exclusively by the courts of London.


EATON Industries Manufacturing GmbH		Beta Test Partner or End-User		
		 
 

APPENDIX 1
FURTHER DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.	In this Agreement:
  a.	"Affiliate" means any legal entity that, directly or indirectly, owns,
		is owned by, or is under common ownership with a Party for so long as
		such ownership exists.  For the purposes of the foregoing, "own,"
		"owned," or "ownership" shall mean majority ownership or controlling
		interest of such legal entity.
  b.	"Agent" means any agent, partner, contractor, subcontractor and
		generally any contract worker of any Party or any of its Affiliates. 
  c.	"Agreement" means this agreement, including its Appendices and any other
		attachments thereto, together with any amendments, modifications and
		supplements thereto executed by the Parties.
  d.	"Background IP" means any intellectual property and Intellectual
		Property Rights existing before the Effective Date of this Agreement,
		and any Intellectual Property Rights generated after the Effective Date
		but outside the scope of this Agreement.
  e.	"Beta" means any pre-commercialization version of the Beta Products,
		including the alpha and beta versions and any equivalent and
		intermediary iteration. 
  f.	"Beta Test Partner" means the entity that has entered into a Beta
		Testing Agreement with Eaton for the limited use and testing of the Beta
		Test Products. 
  g.	"Beta Test NDA" means the non-disclosure agreement executed between
		Eaton and Beta Test Partner to cover this transaction. 
  h.	"BTA" or "Beta Testing Agreement" means the Beta Testing and Equipment
		Loan Agreement executed between Eaton and Beta Test Partner for the
		limited use and test of the Beta Products. 
  i.	"Control" means, in relation to any entity, the situation where more
		than fifty per cent (50%) of such entity's shares or ownership
		interests, the voting rights to make decisions or the ability to appoint
		the management or directors of such controlled entity are held by, owned
		or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a controlling entity.
  j.	"Derivative Work" means a work that is based upon the Software,
		including but not limited to a revision, enhancement, modification,
		abridgment, condensation, translation, expansion or equivalent any other
		form (such as optimization or adaptation under applicable copyright law)
		in which the Software may be recast, transformed or adapted.
  k.	"End-User" means any entity or individual using the Software.
  l.	"EULA" means the End-User License Agreement that is applicable for this
		transaction. 
  m.	"Effective Date" means the earliest of either the first date of
		availability of the Software to the Beta Test Partner by Eaton or the
		first date of use of the Software by the Beta Test Partner.
  n.	"Foreground IP" means all intellectual property and Intellectual
		Property Rights generated under this Agreement.
  o.	"Intellectual Property Rights" or "IP" means any intellectual and
		industrial property rights including, but not limited to, copyright,
		moral rights and neighbouring rights, all rights in relation to:
		inventions (including patent rights and utility models), trademarks,
		confidential information (including trade secrets and know how),
		drawings, prototypes, algorithms, software, mask works and semiconductor
		topographies and all other rights resulting from intellectual activity
		in the industrial, scientific, literary or artistic field, afforded by
		law anywhere in the world whether registered or unregistered or capable
		of registration and all applications therefore.
  p.	"Object Code" means all or any portion of machine-readable and
		executable code
  q.	"Open Source License" means the permissive terms under which a software
		is made available and licensed by or on behalf of a licensor. Such terms
		includes but are not limited to the GPL license and its different
		versions, as well as other licenses such as Apache, BSD, MIT and others.
  r.	"Software" means a programme or set of instructions, in binary or source
		code form, which is made available and licensed by Eaton for testing
		under this Agreement. 
  s.	"Source Code" means all or any portion of human readable software code.
		For clarity, Source Code includes scripts which are in human readable
		format
  t.	"Software Components" means software components, modules, functional
		blocks, libraries and organized groups of lines of codes. 
2.	The headings in this Agreement do not affect its interpretation.
3.	In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and other documents
	entered into between the Parties the order of precedence shall be:
  a.	this Agreement;
  b.	The Beta Testing Agreement or BTA
  c.	The Beta Test NDA;
  d.	the Appendices to this Agreement;
  e.	Eaton's terms and conditions of sale (if applicable); and
  f.	any other documents referred to, incorporated into or attached to any of
		the documents contemplated in paragraphs a to e above.
 
APPENDIX 2
Beta Product(s) 

-	Pre-production Intelligent Power Controller with Intelligent Power Manager
	Infrastructure software

APPENDIX 3
ADDRESSES FOR NOTIFICATIONS

Eaton:
EMEA IP Group
Eaton Legal Department
Eaton Industries Manufacturing GmbH
Route de la Longeraie 7
1110 Morges VD, Switzerland

